TO-LIST.md, before:

=======
TO-LIST
=======

------------------------------------------------
(1) We really need to close this project soon
------------------------------------------------

- [ ] show the loading danmu status on the danmu window



------------------------------------------------
(2) Nice to have functions
------------------------------------------------

- [ ] not to load danmu to cuurent video twice
- [ ] load danmu array, not single one
- [ ] consider using iframe to implement and optimize danmu windows (more fashion danmu window)
- [ ] survey context menu
- [ ] special case (instagram) 
- [ ] donation survey (popup.html)



------------------------------------------------
(3) May be someday will be our issue
------------------------------------------------

- [X] daumu timeline

 - [X] flash (since FB change to html5, we don't need to be idiot any more, cheers!)
   - [X] detect flash video full screen
   - [X] flash onPause onResume support

------------------------------------------------
(4) Closed
------------------------------------------------   
   
- [X] iFrame issue (2D-gate)
- [X] replay or multiple video issue (trigger twice)
- [X] video event related to danmu (pause, play, fly, replay)
- [X] danmu need to follow video's timeline
- [X] Full Screen issue
- [X] detach then append a new danmu div on video's parent
- [X] Amazon DynamoDB (http://aws.amazon.com/tw/dynamodb/pricing/)
  - [X] rest service to "submit" danmu
  - [X] rest service to "get all" danmu
  - [X] practice Amazon DynamoDB CRUD 
  - [X] buy a Amazon DynamoDB service
  
- [X] display multi time issue  (danmu duplicate)
- [X] right click to display / close danmu when fullscreen 
- [X] reload danmu when change target video
- [X] open danmu window need not to always resume timeline
- [X] fullscreen load danmu when user click load

Commit message:

update to do
try using ajax to get danmu json

TO-LIST.md, after:

=======
TO-LIST
=======

------------------------------------------------
(1) We really need to close this project soon
------------------------------------------------

- [ ] show the loading danmu status on the danmu window
- [ ] try change "get danmu from mongo" function from backgrond.js to content.js (using ajax to get json)


------------------------------------------------
(2) Nice to have functions
------------------------------------------------

- [ ] not to load danmu to cuurent video twice
- [ ] load danmu array, not single one
- [ ] consider using iframe to implement and optimize danmu windows (more fashion danmu window)
- [ ] survey context menu
- [ ] special case (instagram) 
- [ ] donation survey (popup.html)



------------------------------------------------
(3) May be someday will be our issue
------------------------------------------------

- [X] daumu timeline

 - [X] flash (since FB change to html5, we don't need to be idiot any more, cheers!)
   - [X] detect flash video full screen
   - [X] flash onPause onResume support

------------------------------------------------
(4) Closed
------------------------------------------------   
   
- [X] iFrame issue (2D-gate)
- [X] replay or multiple video issue (trigger twice)
- [X] video event related to danmu (pause, play, fly, replay)
- [X] danmu need to follow video's timeline
- [X] Full Screen issue
- [X] detach then append a new danmu div on video's parent
- [X] Amazon DynamoDB (http://aws.amazon.com/tw/dynamodb/pricing/)
  - [X] rest service to "submit" danmu
  - [X] rest service to "get all" danmu
  - [X] practice Amazon DynamoDB CRUD 
  - [X] buy a Amazon DynamoDB service
  
- [X] display multi time issue  (danmu duplicate)
- [X] right click to display / close danmu when fullscreen 
- [X] reload danmu when change target video
- [X] open danmu window need not to always resume timeline
- [X] fullscreen load danmu when user click load
